---
categories:
- thoughts
date: 2025-04-28
excerpt: A brief summary of your post that will appear on the blog index
layout: post
published: true
tags: null
title: Thoughts
---

- How do I maximize the value I am producing for myself
- Are setting goals for work worth it 
- How can I better acclimate at work


- Whatever experiences you usually only reserve for holidays, you know, [you are allowed](https://milan.cvitkovic.net/writing/things_youre_allowed_to_do/) to implement them regularly into your normal life.
- Deep Work & Power Work
- I am good at executing a plan over a long term timeline 
- I am good at constantly falling toward a goal

- **Maximize personal energy** Always try to optimize personal energy (Something which you a positive mental or physical lift), some people enjoy solace, some crowded places, decide what maximizes your personal energy and do those activities in spare time.

- 90 days.
	- If I don’t like it after 90 days, I’ll quit.
	- If I enjoy it after 90 days, I’ll keep at it.
- Commitment
	- Financially invest in your goal
	- Socially invest in your goal
	- Commit to a schedule


- "I wish I could hire someone to do this for me."
    
- "I wish I understood this."
    
- "Why is using this so frustrating?"
    
- "Why can't I make this do what I want?"
    
- "I want to impress my boss."
    
- "I wish there was an easier way to do this."
    
- "I hate doing this every month."
    
- "I never remember how to do this."
    
- "Why is this process so complicated?"
    
- "I don't trust myself to do this properly."
    
- "I want this project to make me feel good about my career."
    
- "I don't know how other people manage this so well; I can never make sense of it."
    
- "I feel stuck; I can't move forward until I figure this out."
    
- "I wish I was better at this."
    
- "I don't have time for this."
    
- "I don't want to manage this."
    
- "Why are there so many steps?"
    
- "Why is this so slow?"
    
- "How do I make this automatic?"
    
- "Working on this is stressful."
    
- "I always forget that step and mess everything up!"
    
- "I have to set this up every time."
    
- "I know this is important, but I never have time to deal with it."
    
- "Every time I use this, I get lost."
    
- "I want to manage my time better."
    
- "This is boring."
    
- "This makes my work look like crap."
    
- "I want to be more creative at work."
    
- "This process feels clunky."


1. Get your reps in. Do 1 permissionless thing per day, even if small. This is no different than going to the gym or brushing your teeth every day - you’re building a habit to rewire your brain.
2. Instead of asking “How do I meet person X?” ask “What problem can I solve for X?”
3. Instead of asking “How do I get a job?” ask “Who can I make look amazing?”
4. Remove “What If” thinking. People don’t act because they overthink worst-case scenarios, so just reframe them:
    - “What if I get ignored becomes “what if I land a life-changing opportunity?”
    - “What if this flops?” becomes “What if this becomes a viral hit?”
    - “What if they don’t respond?” becomes “What if they love it and reach out?”
5. Get to 100 “Nos.” Getting rejected is a blessing, it gets you closer to a yes.
6. “You either win or your lose?” No, that’s stupid. You either win or you learn or you walk away with a great story. So it’s impossible to lose.



1. If you had someone following you around all the time what would you have them do?
2. What is something you've never told anyone, not because it's a secret but because you've just never told anyone?
3. If you could be guaranteed one thing in life (besides money), what would it be?
4. If you could live life over again, would you sleep with more people or less? Why?
5. Someone gets a text message from you and for whatever reason they're not sure it's actually you. They're worried someone stole your phone. What could they ask to make sure it's actually you?
6. What's something you used to strongly believe that you now think you were fundamentally misguided about?
7. What’s a compliment someone gave you years ago that you still think about?